Explaining payable(msg.sender) (#12500)
ethereum/solidity: docs/examples/blind-auction.rst

                // before `send` returns.
                pendingReturns[msg.sender] = 0;

>                 // msg.sender is not of type payable and must be explicitly 
>                 // converted using payable(msg.sender) in order to use the 
>                 // function send()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // msg.sender is not of type `address payable` and must be 
                // explicitly converted using `payable(msg.sender)` in order 
                // use the member function `send()`.
```
